if you're that woman you know that you
have invested a great deal of time and
emotional energy into the connection
it's understandable that you'd want and
expect a diamond ring and a romantic
wedding at some point but what do you do
if that end goal is nowhere in sight
before you throw in the towel and walk
away from everything you two have built
you need some answers understanding why
he isn't feeling drawn towards marriage
can help you overcome the problem and
get things moving in a more positive
relationship direction think about his
reasons for not wanting to marry
obviously by this point you and your
boyfriend have discussed the issue of
marriage and how you both feel about it
in all likelihood you have pushed your
boyfriend to share with you where his
reservations are coming from each man is
unique which means that his reasoning
for not wanting to take the plunge is
going to be specific to him generally
there are several common threads that
seem to run through relationships in
which the man isn't in any rush to get
married one of the most common reasons
why men refused to make such a strong
commitment is they sense that they will
lose their own identity when they become
a husband instead of being a
self-sufficient single guy they suddenly
become one half of a couple who are
joined together forever to most women
this sounds like a dream come true but
for a man who doesn't feel emotionally
mature this can be a very frightening
proposition not only does he see his own
identity being pulled away but he senses
that his role from the wedding day
forward is simply to please his wife
other men won't get down on bended knee
to make that all important proposal
because the financial aspect of it
weighs heavily on their mind men want to
be viewed as providers and if your man
doesn't have the means to support
himself let alone you and any potential
children in the future he isn't going to
want to take any steps towards
commitment he
also likely won't reveal his true
motivations for not getting engaged he
doesn't want you to think poorly of him
to a man the most important thing is
that the woman he loves sees him as a
hero in every sense devote your energy
to helping him overcome his resistance
there is something to be said for not
pushing a man to commit but there are
obvious exceptions every woman should be
aware of if you believe your boyfriend
would love to be married but he does
have some lingering reservations that
you have been able to identify you can
then start work on helping him move past
those it's not advisable for you to sit
down with a man who you believe is
struggling with finances so you too can
have an honest discussion about how he
can't afford a wedding let alone an
engagement ring it is helpful if you
share with him how you see marriage as
an equal partnership and how important
it is to you to contribute equally
always if your boyfriend feels that some
of the financial burden has been taken
off his shoulders in a very subtle way
by you that may steer him closer towards
a proposal you can also persuade your
man to see the gains he will make him
being married to you as opposed to the
losses he may believe he will suffer
simply start mentioning how important
you believe it is that couples always
have their own interests you could even
bring up the example of a married friend
of yours talk about how you think it is
great that her and her husband's still
have their own independent friends and
that they each spend time apart from one
another visiting with those friends you
do not have to wait for him to decide
whether or not he is ready to commit to
you if you are tired of putting your
dreams on hold because he is commitment
phobic there are things you can do to
make him want to marry you now learn
right now what you need to do to make
him fall to his knees and beg you to
marry him check out my website for more
information
you